North Mini Code. Cohere's first model for developers.
Learn more

Last Updated: May 1, 2026

Cohere Privacy Policy

Cohere Inc. (“ Cohere ”) values and respects your privacy. This privacy policy (this “ Policy ”) explains how and why we collect, use, disclose and otherwise process personal information. This includes personal information collected in connection with the use of our website located at Cohere.com (“ Website ”), interactions with our content and marketing, activities of our research lab, Cohere Labs, as well as in certain cases use of our hosted AI models and products (“ Cohere Products ”) available via the Cohere API SaaS Platform (“ Platform ”) or via a third-party platform that integrates Cohere Products using the Cohere API.This Policy also explains Your Rights and Choices when it comes to your personal information.

We may provide different notices for specific contexts. For example:

• Enterprise customers should consult our Enterprise Data Commitments for information about data handling associated with the Cohere’s enterprise products and SaaS platform.

• If you want more information about how Cohere trains its models and whether personal information is used to do so, you can read our Model Training Privacy Notice .

If you are located in the EEA/UK or Switzerland, see the Additional Information for European Residents and if you are located in California see the Additional Information for California Residents .

You can also jump to the most relevant sections for you below.

• Who This Policy Applies To

• Collection and Use of Personal Information

• Disclosure of Personal Information

• Safeguards, Retention and Privacy Governance

• Your Rights and Choices

• International Transfers

• Updates to This Policy

• Contact Us

• Cookies and Interest-Based Advertising

• Jurisdiction-Specific Addenda

1. Who This Policy Applies To

This depends on who you are. To make this Policy easier to understand, we categorize the individuals we interact with into six groups. The way we collect and use your information depends on which category or categories apply to you:

• Job Applicants: Individuals who apply for a job with us.

• Visitors: Individuals who browse our Website, interact with our marketing content, or sign up for events/newsletters.

• Researchers : Individuals who interact with a Cohere API via third-party research platforms like HuggingFace, LM Arena or other providers, or who participate or apply to participate in our research initiatives, like the Scholars Program, Open Science Community, or Catalyst Grant Program.

• Trial Users : Individuals who create or access a free trial account to test out our Platform under our standard Terms of Use with no payment method on file.

• Enterprise Users: Individuals (such as employees or contractors) who use Cohere Products on the Platform using a paid account with a credit card on file, or are accessing the Platform via their employer under a paid commercial agreement or enterprise trial agreement.

• End Users: End users of applications created or made available by Cohere’s enterprise customers that are powered in whole or in part by Cohere Products.

Cohere Products are not intended to be used by minors (children) and are not for personal or household use. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children.

This Policy applies :

• If you are a Job Applicant, Visitor , Researcher, or Trial User . Please review this Policy for information on Cohere’s processing of your personal information in this context.

• To limited personal information collected about Enterprise Users who have accounts to access and use Cohere Products. Please review this Policy for information on Cohere’s processing of your personal information in this context.

This Policy does not apply :

• If you are an End User . In this case we are usually the processor or service provider and we are generally not the responsible ‘decision maker’ in relation to your personal information. If you would like information about an application that is powered by Cohere Products, review the privacy notice provided by the company offering the application.

• To Private and Third Party Deployments : Cohere does not have access to data processed in connection with the use of Cohere models or products in Private Deployments or Deployments on Third-Party Managed AI services (e.g. on AWS, Azure, or GCP). The data remains within the enterprise customer’s or the third-party cloud provider’s controlled environment and is never accessible to or used by Cohere (for example, we do not train our models on it).

• To Customer Data: This Policy does not apply to Customer Data (i.e. inputs and outputs) associated with the use of Cohere Products by Enterprise Users under an enterprise agreement. Cohere’s use of Customer Data is governed by the terms and conditions of the enterprise agreement and, where applicable, the Data Processing Addendum entered into between the parties.

2. Collection and Use of Personal Information

The following sub-sections explain the different reasons we process your personal information for Cohere’s own purposes:

2.1. Visit our Website or Use the Platform

We collect device and usage information automatically when you visit our Website or use the Platform. This includes IP addresses, page requests, browser type, operating system, and average time spent on our Website or Platform. We use this information to help us understand our Website and Platform activity, to monitor and improve our Website and Platform, as well as for advertising in certain cases. See Cookies and Interest-Based Advertising to learn more.

2.2. Administer Platform Accounts

We collect and use business contact information (name, business email address) and a password you select to create and administer your account and facilitate access to the Platform. To move from a Trial User to an Enterprise User, you will be asked to provide payment information so that we can process payments and manage billing to your company. You should only provide your corporate payment information.

2.3. Research and Model Improvement

For Trial Users and Researchers (i.e. users interacting with Cohere Products on research-specific platforms like Hugging Face, Cohere Labs grantee users, or users demoing Cohere Products under a free trial account), we collect content you submit to the Cohere Products, and outputs generated by the Cohere Products. We may use this input and output data to conduct research and development. This includes analyzing usage trends and using inputs/outputs to improve the performance and safety of Cohere Products.

This should not include personal information. Please do not submit personal information in inputs to the Cohere Products when accessing them on a research platform or as a Trial User.

These trial and research environments are not intended for the processing of personal information. However, as a further safeguard, Cohere takes steps to de-identify input and output data prior to any use for research and development purposes. If you need to include personal information in inputs to Cohere Products, consider moving to an enterprise tier and entering into a commercial agreement and DPA with Cohere. If you are conducting a research project that involves personal information, contact Cohere at safety@cohere.com before initiating your project.

For Enterprise Users: Enterprise Users can control how we train on their data and can request a DPA if personal information will be processed in the course of using Cohere Products. Review our Enterprise Data Commitments to learn more or request a DPA at privacy@cohere.com .

2.4. Marketing, Sales, and Events

We collect and use business contact information and context you provide us about your company to book a demo you request, follow up with you after an event when you connect with us, and send you communications regarding our platform, products, and events that we believe are of interest to you. You can unsubscribe from these communications at any time.

We may also receive information about you or your company from third-party sources to support the marketing and sale of our products. This includes using data enrichment services, marketing vendors, and publicly available sources to identify business prospects who may be interested in our products. The information we receive may include your name, business email, job title, company, and types of products you may be interested in.

2.5. Cohere Labs Programs

If you apply for or participate in our research initiatives, including the Scholars Program, Open Science Community, or Catalyst Grant Program, we collect information to facilitate your participation in these programs:

• Applicant & Professional Information: We collect your name, email address (which must be associated with a Cohere account for Grant recipients), institutional affiliation, country/region, and professional background (such as your CV, resume, or links to previous research).

• Project & Proposal Details: For grant and research applications, we collect details about your proposed research, expected API usage volume, budget/funding status, and specific models or products you intend to study.

• Community & Social Profiles: We may collect and use your social media handles to facilitate community collaboration or credit your work.

• Collaborator Information: If you apply as part of a team, we collect the names and email addresses of your collaborators to ensure they can access shared resources.

We use this information to assess grant and scholarship applications, evaluate your eligibility for these programs, award API credits, match scholars with mentors, facilitate open science collaborations, and manage community events. Note that the Scholars Program is a paid position; if selected, additional employment-related information may be collected as part of the onboarding process.

2.6. Security and Compliance

We use personal information we collect to protect the security and integrity of the Cohere Products, to enforce our agreements, or to comply with legal obligations. This includes detecting, suppressing or preventing fraud, illegal activity, or misuse of the Cohere Products; investigating breaches of our agreements or policies; and complying with our legal obligations, such as tax, financial, or regulatory reporting requirements.

2.7. Customer Support

If you send us a support request, we use your email address and other information you provide us to resolve technical issues, respond to your request, and improve customer experience. We may use our own AI technology or third-party AI tools to analyze the contents of support tickets. This helps us summarize inquiries, draft responses, and resolve issues faster. Please do not include sensitive, confidential, or personal information in your support tickets.

2.8. Apply for a Job

If you apply for a job with us, we may collect certain personal information about you (such as information that would be contained in a resume, cover letter, or other employment-related materials). We use this information for the purpose of processing, evaluating, and responding to your application. We may also collect information from third parties about you, such as references you list, for the same purpose.

Means of Collection: In most cases, we collect personal information that you provide to us directly for the purposes described above. We also collect information automatically from your device when you visit or use our Website or Platform, as described in the Cookies and Interest-Based Advertising section below. In limited circumstances, we may also collect business contact information or insights about business prospects from third parties such as advertising and marketing partners. See Marketing, Sales, and Events to learn more.

Aggregate/De-Identified Information: We may aggregate and/or de-identify information collected through the Website, the Platform, or usage of the Cohere Products so that such information can no longer be linked to you or your device or account (“ De-Identified Information ”). We may use De-Identified Information for the purposes described above, such as research, product development, marketing purposes, or to develop insights into our Website, Platform or marketing activities.

3. Disclosure of Personal Information

We disclose your personal information to the parties and entities described below with your consent or as required or permitted by law.

Affiliates: We may transfer (or otherwise make available) your personal information to our affiliates who help us to meet our legal and compliance requirements and operational needs.

Vendors and Service Providers: We may transfer (or otherwise make available) all categories of personal information we collect to third-party companies that provide services to us or on our behalf. We use vendors and service providers for services such as cloud computing and data storage, advertising and analytics; communications; and customer support and management. Our vendors and service providers may be located in the U.S., Canada, or other foreign jurisdictions. Please refer to International Transfers to learn more. Users of the Platform or Cohere APIs can also consult our list of sub-processors .

Legal and Compliance Obligations: We and our service providers may disclose your personal information in response to a search warrant, court order, or other legally valid inquiry or order. We may also disclose information to government authorities or other organizations for the purposes of investigating a breach of an agreement or contravention of law; detecting, suppressing, or preventing fraud; establishing, exercising, or defending legal claims; or investigating or preventing actual or suspected loss or harm to persons or property.

Business Transactions: We may transfer any information we have about you as an asset in connection with a proposed or completed merger, acquisition, or sale (including transfers made as part of insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings) involving all or part of Cohere or as part of a corporate reorganization or other change in corporate control.

4. Safeguards, Retention, and Privacy Governance

We have implemented policies and practices that govern our treatment of personal information. This includes, among other things:

• Policies and procedures, and administrative, technical, and physical measures in an effort to protect personal information in our custody and control from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. We authorize access to personal information on a need-to-know basis to employees and authorized service providers who require access to fulfil their job requirements.

• Defined roles and responsibilities for personnel with respect to the treatment of personal information.

• Processes to respond to data subject requests and complaints in a timely and effective manner. See Rights and Choices below.

• A framework for the retention and destruction of personal information consistent with applicable laws.

We retain personal information only for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected, to meet business or legal requirements, and as otherwise permitted or required by applicable law, including litigation holds. We may collect and use the same category of personal information for different purposes and in different contexts, and because rules differ by jurisdiction, there is not typically a fixed retention period that will always apply to a particular category of personal information.

Retention will depend on the context and purpose for which the information was collected. For example, we may retain information you use to register for the Platform for as long as you maintain an account with us. We may also retain your email address for as long as you are subscribed to our marketing emails, or, if you unsubscribe, to ensure that we comply with your unsubscribe request. Enterprise Users of the Platform can consult retention practices for inputs and outputs on the Platform here . Retention of inputs and outputs on the Platform is generally 30 days for Enterprise Users. For Trial Users and Researchers, the Platform is not intended to process personal information. If personal information is inadvertently included in an input, deletion can be requested by emailing privacy@cohere.com as set out below.

5. Your Rights and Choices

Depending on your location, and subject to certain limitations, you may have the right to access, update, correct, or delete your personal information in our control, or the right to obtain a copy of your personal information or to receive certain personal information in a structured, commonly-used technological format.

Where we rely on your consent as a lawful basis to process your personal information, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time subject to legal or contractual restrictions and reasonable notice. However, in some cases, withdrawing consent will mean that we can no longer provide you with certain services or perform certain tasks where the information is required to do so, and we may still retain your personal information in accordance with our record retention practices.

You can exercise the following rights and choices yourself:

• Marketing Email Opt Out: You can unsubscribe from marketing communications at any time by using the "unsubscribe" link included in our emails. Note that you may continue to receive transactional communications (e.g., password resets) even after unsubscribing.

• Cookie Preferences: You can exercise your preferences for Cookies at any time by using our Cookie banner (click on the ‘Manage Cookies’ button in the footer of our Website). See Cookies and Interest-Based Advertising below for details.

• Platform Account Deletion: You can delete your account at any time by selecting “Your Profile” in the Platform, navigating to the “Danger Zone” tab, and clicking on “Delete my Account”.

Other requests can be made by emailing privacy@cohere.com . We may request certain personal information for the purpose of verifying the identity of the individual seeking access to their personal information records. Consult the relevant addendum for more information about your rights and choices if you are located in the EEA/UK or Switzerland ( Additional Information for European Residents ) or California ( Additional Information for California Residents ).

If we receive a request from an End User to exercise rights with respect to their personal information that we maintain on behalf of an enterprise customer, we will direct that individual to the relevant enterprise customer who is responsible to the End User for that request.

6. International Transfers

Cohere is a global organization with affiliates, partners, and service providers located in many countries around the world. For that reason, Cohere may transfer, store, and/or receive certain personal information outside of your jurisdiction of residence (including, for residents of Quebec, outside of Quebec) and across geographical borders to and/or from Cohere affiliates, partners or service providers in other countries working on our behalf in accordance with applicable law. Examples of countries we transfer personal information to include, but are not limited to, Canada, the United States, and the United Kingdom. As a result, in certain circumstances, other foreign governments, courts, law enforcement agencies, or regulatory agencies may be entitled to access the personal information collected and held by Cohere, its affiliates, partners, and service providers.

Where required by applicable law, we utilize appropriate legal mechanisms (such as Adequacy Decisions or Standard Contractual Clauses) to protect your data during these transfers.

7. Updates to This Policy

We may update this Policy from time to time. We encourage you to periodically review this page to ensure that you are familiar with those changes. We will indicate at the top of this policy when it was most recently updated. Previous Version .

8. Contact Us

If you have any questions or comments about this Policy, or to exercise your rights, please contact our Privacy Officer at:

• Email: privacy@cohere.com

• Mailing Address: 171 John Street, Suite 200, Toronto, ON Canada M5T 1X3

9. Cookies and Interest-Based Advertising

You can visit our Website without actively entering any personal information. However, we collect the IP addresses of all visitors to our Website/Platform and other related information, such as page requests, browser type, operating system, and average time spent on our Website/Platform We use this information to help us understand our Website/Platform activity, to monitor and improve our Website/Platform, and to support our marketing efforts.

What are Cookies

We use cookies, pixel tags (also called web beacons), and other tracking technologies (which we collectively refer to as “cookies”) to achieve these goals. A cookie is data that our Website/Platform or our third-party partners send to your browser, which may then be stored on your device so that we can recognize your device and retrieve the information when they return.

How to Adjust Your Preferences

You may be able to set your browser to notify you when you receive certain cookies or to not accept certain cookies. However, if you decide not to accept cookies from our Website/Platform, you may not be able to take advantage of all of the Website/Platform features.

To adjust your preferences or exercise control over the third parties who collect data via cookies on our Website or Platform (other than for Necessary Cookies), please click “Manage Cookies” in our website footer to re-open the cookies preference page where you can adjust your settings.

Cookie Categories

We use the following types of cookies.

Necessary Cookies are required to help secure and enable the basic features of the Website/Platform such as providing log-in functionality or adjusting your consent preferences. Because these are essential, they cannot be disabled.

Functional Cookies mainly help perform certain optional functionalities like sharing the content of the Website on social media platforms and collecting feedback. Disabling these may affect your browsing experience.

Analytical or Performance Cookies are used mainly to understand how Visitors and Platform users arrive at and interact with the Website or Platform. These cookies help provide information on metrics such as the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. They help us understand and analyze the performance and usability of the Website/Platform and of advertisements that refer visitors to the Website or Platform.

• Google is one of the services we use for analytics purposes. You can find more information about Google Analytics privacy and security practices at the following links: https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites and https://support.google.com/analytics/topic/2919631 . To prevent Google Analytics’ javascripts from sharing information with Google Analytics about website visit activity, you can download and install the plug-in available at the following link: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en .

• We use Fullstory to capture and analyze your digital experience and interactions with our Website or Platform (such as mouse movements, clicks, scrolling and typing). This helps us identify usability issues and improve our user experience. You can opt-out of Fullstory’s data collection across all websites here .

Advertisement Cookies are used mainly to collect information about your online interactions on and off our Website. We and our third party advertising partners use this data to build a profile of your interests, identify business prospects relevant to our Products, and show you and others relevant ads on third-party sites, including on social media services. If you opt-out of these cookies, you will still receive ads from us but they may be less personalized. See Interest-Based Advertising below for more information.

Interest-Based Advertising

We work with third parties such as ad networks and other advertising companies that use their own tracking technologies (including cookies) on our Website in order to provide you with tailored advertisements across the Internet. This is a common marketing practice referred to as Interest-Based Advertising.

These companies may collect information about your activity on our Website and third-party websites (such as web pages you visit and your interaction with our advertising and other communications) and use this information to make build a profile of your interests, make predictions about your preferences, develop personalized content and deliver ads that are more relevant to you and others on third-party websites. This information may also be used to evaluate the effectiveness of our online advertising campaigns. The use of cookies for this purpose may be considered a “sale” or “sharing” under California privacy law.

To manage your preferences or opt out of the use of cookies for purposes of interest-based advertising, please click the “Manage Cookies” button in the Website footer.

You can also visit the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada website at https://youradchoices.ca/choices to learn how you can opt-out of receiving behavioural ads from participating third-party advertising companies.

Please note that even if you opt-out of interest-based advertising by a third party, these tracking technologies may still collect data for other purposes including analytics and you will still see ads from us, but the ads will not be targeted based on behavioural information about you and may therefore be less relevant to you and your interests.

To successfully opt out, you must have cookies enabled in your web browser (see your browser’s instructions for information on cookies and how to enable them). Your opt-out only applies to the web browser you use so you must opt-out of each web browser on each device you use to access the Website. Once you opt out, if you delete your browser’s saved cookies, or use a browser that automatically deletes cookies, you will need to opt out again.

10. Jurisdiction-Specific Addenda

10.1. Additional Information for California Residents

This part of the Policy applies only to the personal information we process about consumers who are residents of California. It does not cover personal information or practices that are exempt from the California Consumer Privacy Act (“ CCPA ”), and it does not cover personal information about individuals who reside outside of California. It also does not cover personal information that we handle as a service provider to our enterprise customers.

Throughout this Policy, we discuss in detail the specific categories of personal information we collect from and about you. We provide additional information required by the CCPA below.

10.1.1. Personal Information Collected and Used

The following sections explain the California personal information we collected and used in the 12 months before the publication of this Policy, as well as our ongoing practices.

Category of Personal Information Collected
Use of Personal Information

We collect the following information, as described above:

• Contact Information (such as your name and business email address)

• Payment Information (e.g. credit card and invoice details - these typically relate to companies and not individuals)

• Commercial information (such as your transaction history)

• Login information (such as your account name and password)

• Device and online information (such as device identifiers, IP address, and usage information)

• Professional information (such as your job title and company or organization name)

• Geolocation information (such as the approximate location from which a device accesses the Products or Website based on IP address)

• Employment-related information (e.g. your resume)

We use this information for the following purposes, as described above:

• Provide, analyze and maintain the Website and Products

• Communicate with you, including to send you information about our products and events

• Create and administer accounts for the Services, facilitate and analyze access to and use of the Services, process payments, and to prevent fraud and illegal activity or misuse of the Services.

• Process your job application.

• Comply with legal obligations.

• Advertise our company and products to enterprise customers and their personnel.

10.1.2. “Sale,” “Sharing,” and Related Opt-out

We do not sell personal information for monetary compensation. However, our disclosures of business contact information, device and online information, professional information and geolocation information (as described above) to our advertising, marketing, and related analytics providers or partners (via cookies and tracking technologies) may qualify a “sale” or “sharing” of personal information under the CCPA.

To our knowledge, we do not “sell” or “share” the personal information of individuals under 16 years of age.

10.1.3. Your Right to Opt-out

You can exercise your right to opt out of those disclosures related to our use of cookies by:

• Clicking “Manage Cookies” in the footer of our Website or the Cookie Settings button in the cookie banner shown to you and then following the instructions to deactivate all optional categories of cookies. You could also start your request by emailing us at privacy@cohere.com, but because of the cookie-based nature of many forms of “selling” and “sharing”, you will still need to use the Cookie settings to adjust your preferences.

• Global Privacy Control (GPC): Our Website treats qualifying browsers for which the user has activated the GPC signal as having opted out of the “sale” or “sharing” via cookies or tracking technologies. You can override this treatment for a GPC-enabled browser by using the cookie controls to opt back into particular categories.

You could also start your request by emailing us at privacy@cohere.com , but because of the cookie-based nature of many forms of “selling” and “sharing”, you will still need to use the Cookie settings to adjust your preferences.

California Data Retention Practices

It is our policy not to retain California personal information after we determine it is no longer necessary for the purposes set out in this Policy or as otherwise required to meet legal or business requirements. Retention will depend on the context and purpose for which the information was collected. For example, (i) we retain records of email opt-outs indefinitely; and (ii) we may retain server logs reflecting California traffic to our website for several months or years for security purposes.

10.1.4. CCPA Right to Access, Correct, or Delete Personal Information

If you are a California resident, CCPA also may permit you to request that we:

• Provide access to and/or a copy of certain personal information we hold about you;

• Delete certain personal information we have about you;

• Correct certain personal information we have about you; and

• Inform you about the categories of personal information we have collected about you in the preceding 12 months; the categories of sources of such information; the business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling your personal information; and the categories of third parties with whom we have disclosed certain personal information, and more specific detail about what categories of information were "sold" or "shared" (as defined in the CCPA) or disclosed to particular categories of third parties, similar to the detail provided above in this Privacy Policy.

To request to exercise any of these rights and receive the fastest response, please send an email to privacy@cohere.com. We reserve the right to require verification of your identify before we fulfill a request, which may include requiring you to login to an existing Cohere account, providing us with information that matches our records for you, responding to an email we send, or taking other steps relevant to your relationship with us and the nature of your request.

We do not use California “sensitive personal information” (as defined by the CCPA) in a manner that would require us to comply with the CCPA obligation to offer individuals a special right to limit our handling of that data due to its sensitive nature.

Please note that certain information may be exempt from such requests under California law. For example, we need certain information to maintain an account, so we may reject a deletion request for that information if you still wish for us to maintain the account.

Under the CCPA, you may have the right to opt out of the processing of your personal information for purposes of profiling or automated decision-making in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects. However, we do not engage in such activities based on the personal information covered by this Privacy Policy.

If you are an agent making a request on behalf of a consumer, we reserve the right to take steps to verify that you are authorized to make that request, which may include requiring you to provide us with written proof such as a notarized authentication letter or a legally sufficient power of attorney signed by the data subject pursuant to California Probate Code sections 4121 to 4130, or other written authorization acceptable to us. We also may require the consumer to verify their identity directly with us where permitted. We are not responsible for the security risks of this or any other arrangements that a consumer may have with an agent. For clarity, this is not permission for any user to disclose their login credentials to an agent or any third party. Such disclosure is prohibited and is not required for an agent to make requests under this Notice.

For security and legal reasons, however, Cohere reserves the right not to accept requests that require us to access third-party websites or services.

You have a right not to receive “discriminatory treatment” (within the meaning of the CCPA) or be subject to retaliation for the exercise of the privacy rights conferred by the CCPA.

10.2. Additional Information for European Residents

If you are located in the European Economic Area (“ EEA ”), the United Kingdom (“ UK ”), or Switzerland, the controller of your personal information is Cohere Inc., and the following provisions apply to our processing of your personal information where we act as a Controller.

Legal Bases for Processing

We process your personal information based on the following legal grounds under the GDPR and UK GDPR:

Purpose
Categories of personal information
Legal Bases

Section 2.1 (Visit our Website or Use the Platform): Helping us understand our Website and Platform activity and to monitor and improve our Website and Platform.

Device and usage information automatically collected when you visit our Website or use the Platform. This includes IP addresses, page requests, browser type, operating system, and average time spent on our Website or Platform

Consent: Where we use cookies or similar technologies (other than necessary cookies which cannot be turned off) for these purposes, we rely on your consent.

Legitimate Interests: We otherwise process your data based on our legitimate interests in understanding how visitors interact with our Website and Platform, improving user experience and functionality, and ensuring the technical performance and stability of our services.

Section 2.2 (Administer Platform Accounts): Creating accounts, processing payments, and facilitating access to the Services.

Business contact information (name, email address) and a password

Performance of a Contract: We process your data to fulfill our contractual obligations to you under our Terms of Use or commercial agreement.

Section 2.3 (Research and Model Improvement): Analyzing usage patterns and using Trial or Research User Inputs/Outputs to improve the performance and safety of our AI models.

Content you submit to the Cohere Products, and outputs generated by the Cohere Products.

Legitimate Interests: We process your data based on our legitimate interests in operating, securing, and improving our business and AI technologies, including enhancing the performance, reliability, and safety of our AI models.

Section 2.4 (Marketing): Sending communications to existing customers or prospects; book demos; using non-essential cookies/tracking technologies (as detailed in Section 9); identifying and communicating with new prospects.

Business contact information, context about your company and information such as your name, business email, job title, company, and specific products and services you may be interested in about you or your company that we receive from third-party sources.

Consent: For communications you sign up to or request, or where we use cookies or similar technologies (other than necessary cookies which cannot be turned off), we process your data based on your consent.

Legitimate Interests: We otherwise process your data based on our legitimate interests in promoting our products and services and maintaining customer relationships.

Section 2.5 (Cohere Labs Programs): To facilitate your participation in relevant programs, including evaluating your eligibility for the program, matching scholars with mentors, and managing community events.

Applicant & Professional Information, Project & Proposal Details, Community & Social Profiles and Collaborator Information

Legitimate Interests: We process your data based on our legitimate interests in operating and managing our Cohere Labs programmes, evaluating applications, and fostering innovation within our developer and research community.

Consent: We may also rely on your consent in certain cases, for example when you choose to provide us with additional personal information.

Section 2.6 (Security and Compliance): Detecting abuse and ensuring security of Cohere Products, investigating breaches of agreements or policies, complying with legal obligations.

All relevant data.

Legitimate Interests: We process your data based on our legitimate interests in protecting our systems, networks, and services and ensuring the safety and security of our users and their data.

In the UK, this is a recognised legitimate interest when we do this to prevent, detect, or investigate a crime.

Legal Obligation: When we have a legal obligation under EU/UK laws, we process the data in order to comply with applicable law and regulations.

When we have a legal obligation under laws outside the EU/UK or our processing is not pursuant to a legal obligation, we have a legitimate interest in protecting our business interests and legal rights, and the interests and legal rights of our users. In the UK, this is a recognised legitimate interest when we do this to prevent, detect, or investigate a crime.

Section 2.7 (Customer Support): Resolving technical issues and responding to your support tickets.

Your email and other information you provide us.

Performance of a Contract: We process your data to fulfill our contractual obligations to you under our Terms of Use or commercial agreement.

2.8 (Apply for A Job): Process your application, evaluate your qualifications, experience, background and suitability for the desired position, make informed decisions on recruitment, communicate with you about your application, respond to your inquiries and schedule interviews

Identifiers & Contact Details, Application, Assessment and Hiring Data, Professional History, Background Check Data

Legitimate Interest: We have a legitimate interest in managing the recruitment of our staff to meet our business needs. We also have a legitimate interest in carrying out appropriate checks to verify the information provided by candidates.

Consent: We may also rely on your consent in certain cases, for example when you choose to provide us with additional personal information.

Where we have a “legitimate interest” to use your personal information, our legitimate interest will vary depending on what we are using your data for. We explain above what that interest is. Where we process personal information on the basis of these legitimate interests, as required by data protection law, we consider what the impact on you will be and only process your personal information where your interests or rights do not outweigh our interests. In the UK, we do not need to do this where we have explained above that we process personal information for a “recognised legitimate interest.”

Your Choices and Rights

In addition to the right to access, update, correct, or delete your personal information and the right to withdraw your consent described in the Your Rights and Choices section of this Policy above, you may also have the right to:

• Request that we restrict or suspend the processing of your personal information in certain circumstances.

• Object to our processing of your personal information where we are relying on a legitimate interest as our legal basis.

• Request that we transmit (or “port”) your personal information to a third party, or provide you with a copy so you can transmit it, where technically feasible.

• If you reside in the UK: to make a formal complaint to us by using the contact information provided under the Contact Us section above.

• If you reside in France: to instruct us on the processing (retention, deletion, and disclosure) of your personal information after your death. You can change or revoke such instructions at any time.

These rights may be limited, for example if fulfilling your request would reveal personal information about another person.

You also have the right to opt-out of direct marketing at any time. You can do this by following the instructions in the email (e.g. clicking “unsubscribe”).

If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please use the contact details set out above.

We normally respond within one month, or up to three months if your request is complex. If your request is not associated with an account, then it's likely we will need to request further information to attempt to locate your personal information, if any, and verify you as the data subject.

If your request is in relation to training data, please first review our Model Training Privacy Notice . As we explain in that notice, as an enterprise AI company, Cohere does not intentionally collect personal information for training purposes. We are likely to require further information from you for this type of request, like about personal information that appears in a Cohere model output, screenshots or links to such outputs, and reasons why this information should not appear. We assess each request in accordance with applicable laws. Where a right is limited under applicable laws, we may decline a request in accordance with these lawful limitations.

If you have unresolved concerns, you can complain to the relevant data protection authority in your jurisdiction. In the UK, this will be the Information Commissioner. A list of authorities in the EEA can be found here .

International Transfers

Cohere is a Canadian company subject to Canadian federal privacy laws, and so personal information transferred from the UK or the EEA to Cohere in Canada is made pursuant to adequacy regulations (for the UK, see here ; for the EEA, see here ). To the extent Cohere further transfers personal information to sub-processors or affiliates for the purpose of providing the Website, Cohere Products, or in the process of developing its models, such transfers are subject to and protected by appropriate security measures in accordance with Canadian privacy laws. We also ensure our sub-processors are subject to appropriate transfer mechanisms recognized under UK and EU laws. Our cloud infrastructure provided by GCP in the United States, for instance, is protected under the EU-US Data Privacy Framework , including its UK extension. Controller-to-processor Standard Contractual Clause agreements are used as an alternative mechanism where the transfer is not otherwise subject to an adequacy determination or derogation under applicable laws. Users of the Platform or Cohere APIs can consult our list of sub-processors , which includes data processing locations.